[people cheering]
[director]
Standby all cameras, please.
[assistant director]
All cameras standing by.
[director] Sound rolling.
[female coordinators
speaking indistinctly]
[director]
Ready in five, four,
three, two, one.
[camera shutters clicking]
pensive music playing
How did we get here?
To this place.
This moment.
pensive music continues
If we could see
the cosmic shape
of every choice we've made,
would it look like
a straight timeline?
A staircase?
A Mobius strip?
I came here
because my choice was simple.
Live...
-[swift whoosh]
...or die.
dramatic music playing
I am an immigrant.
A refugee.
To survive,
I had to be...
reborn.
dramatic music continues
To evolve, I had to step
into a new skin.
-[flesh squelching]
[muscles cracking]
Like Lazarus,
I had to rise
from the valley of shadows
and become...
-[indistinct radio chatter]
[male coordinator speaks
indistinctly on radio]
[Faraday] ...something more.
[rhythmic clapping]
[audience cheering]
dramatic music continues
Which brings us
to the reason you're here.
You came
to answer the question
the world's been asking.
Who am I?
music dies down
Well, according
to the hurricane season
of theories on the interwebs,
that gaping maw
we stuff and stuff
with bits of ourselves
in the ridiculous hope that
it'll give us something back,
I am the socially
and grammatically challenged
recluse who snorts fire ants...
[audience laughs]
...while hallucinating
with my personal army
in my desert bunker,
which is shaped like an egg.
[audience laughs]
They call me a tyrant.
A king.
A tech god. Willy Wonka.
Up to my Gobstoppers
in secrets.
And it's all true.
Well,
the secrets part, anyway.
So, don't say
I didn't warn you.
When people talk
about my work,
I hear words
like "revolution."
Well, today,
this one drops the "R."
-[audience cheering]
-In this box,
I hold the next step
on the great timeline.
But before I show you
what's inside,
I want to tell you my story.
The real story,
of how I built it,
and myself, along the way.
Would you like to hear it?
[audience cheering]
Okay. Okay.
It's simple,
because of all the things
I left behind.
dramatic music playing
My home.
My family.
I had to rebuild
everything I lost.
music intensifying
I had to learn how to become...
a human being.
music ends in flourish
soft piano music playing
-[thunder rumbles]
-[train horn tooting]
[glass shards crunching]
["Rock & Roll Band" playing
on stereo]
[electricity buzzing]
[pipe rumbling]
[song continues playing]
People stood in line
And didn't seem to mind
You know
Everybody knew our name...
God damn!
[siren chirps]
["Here I Go Again" playing
on radio]
God damn it!
[man] About fucking time.
Took you guys long enough.
[chuckling] Fuck is that?
Get him off my property, Dave.
Third tweaker this month!
Andy,
just put that thing down.
[Andy] Wear some goddamn pants
on other people's property.
-[man] Turn around.
-Can I have a soda?
He keeps them in the cooler,
like, right there.
No, you cannot have a soda!
Turn around. Slow.
[Andy] Get this motherfucker
out of my garage!
Dave, how many
goddamn tweakers
am I gonna have to shoot
-on my property this week?
-Andy!
Stow that goddamn weapon!
Aw, man.
This is fucking bullshit!
Shit. I could've graduated
the goddamn academy
by the time you guys
showed up. I'm so goddamn...
Oh, Jesus.
What the fucking fuck?
I'm gonna pull this hose
out of your mouth.
You so much as blink,
Officer Haugenoe is gonna
tase your ass in the head.
Do you understand your rights
as I've explained them to you?
[song continues playing]
Here I go again on my own
Goin' down the only road
I've ever known...
What the...
fucking fuck?
Shit.
[giggling]
-Jesus Christ!
-[squelching]
-Get down on your knees.
One time, I saw a pig
with a hose up its ass.
-Quiet, Alicia!
-Couldn't he be drowned?
-Ass. Pig. Drowned.
-Get on your fucking knees!
-Resisting.
-You are resisting!
-Now!
He's not armed. He's naked.
-[both] Shut up!
-Shut up!
-You wanna die?
-Do you wanna die?
[taser fires, crackling]
Here I go again
-[hissing]
-[man] Wake up. wake up!
[gasps]
up-tempo music playing
Got you some clothes
from the morgue.
You're gonna be
processed in a bit.
Can you try not to act
like a freak?
[police radio chatter]
[woman 1] When you said that
he's got a, like a square jaw...
[speaking indistinctly
in distorted voices]
[conversations continuing
and echoing]
[female officer]
I understand, sir. Okay.
You have a good night.
[TV announcer speaking
indistinctly]
-[conversations echoing]
-[bell dings]
[keyboard clacking loudly]
[echoing]
Do you know why you're here?
[water sloshes loudly]
Do you...
[gasps]
...know why you're here?
Hey. [snaps fingers]
-Wake up.
-[noises quiet]
You were ingesting a hose
in the municipality?
Nine hours' mission.
Yeah?
What mission's that, hon?
28.0969
-north, minus 9...
-[cell phone vibrating]
Excuse me.
-[whispering] ...5, 3...
-Shh!
Shh!
Hey, hon.
[man on phone] Your goddamn
sister's Hyundai
was parked outside
that asshole's house
all night, Katie.
I really don't think
that's right, hon.
Can I call you back?
She's still fuckin' him
after the restraining order.
Jesus.
Your goddamn sister's Hyundai
was parked outside that
asshole's house all night.
Katie, she's still fuckin' him
after the restraining order.
[Katie] I don't know
how you heard that,
but a good rule around here
is to mind your own business.
[whispering] Water.
[burps loudly]
Okay, where you from?
Anthea.
Where's that?
[grunts]
[laughs quietly] Oh, yeah?
What's it like there?
[whispering] Hot.
When'd you learn
to speak English?
Now.
Okeydokey. Don't tell
that story to anybody else.
They'll lock you up.
Then you won't be able
to complete your mission.
Okeydokey.
Fucking guy's
a hundred years old
and you pull him
the fuck over?
You want him to die
on your fucking shift?
You know, sometimes,
here on Earth,
when you tell folks
you want somethin'
in a really loud voice and say
"fuck" a lot, it works!
-[loudly] Fuck!
-Jesus Chr...
Water!
You know,
just 'cause you're an alien
doesn't mean
there's an embargo
on being fuckin' polite.
Try again. Nicer.
[softer] Fuck.
Water?
Say "please."
Please.
And your name.
K. Faraday. Name.
Got anybody I can call?
To come and get you?
Justin Falls.
Who's he?
[lock clicks]
[Faraday] You were all
my teachers.
But the one who forced me
to understand my choices,
who forced me to find
my humanity,
well...
We didn't choose each other.
[woman] I don't recognize
myself either.
Every woman I know is tired.
[Faraday]
She had already chosen
to strike a Devil's bargain
with herself.
-[indistinct shouting]
-[machinery whirring]
If every dream
she had to drop along the way
just retreated
and left her alone,
she promised never to aspire
to anything more
than survival.
[tool clanking]
Hope is too expensive.
[Justin] All right.
I'll see you later.
[woman] Okay, see you tomorrow.
Bye, honey.
Hey.
["Time Tough" playing]
[girl] "Chapter Two.
So I lived there all alone
"with no one
I could really talk to,
"until I had an accident
in the Sahara desert."
When can I sit
in the front seat?
Uh, when you're bigger.
Vomit.
Ah! [laughs]
[girl] "In the desert,
six years ago,
"something broke down
in the engine.
"And since
there was neither..."
["Time Tough" continues
playing on stereo]
Bye, Marcus. Thanks
for staying late. [chuckles]
[Marcus] Thanks.
See you soon. Bye.
[Justin chuckles]
Good choice, Molls.
[man] Bring that here,
Miss Princess Queen
Miss Kissin' Molly.
[laughs]
Turn it over, read it...
Read the liners to me.
[man] "Deli..."
[Molly] "Delicacy..."
No. There's a "T" there.
"Deli-see-ay..."
[man laughing] "Deli-see-ay"?
What's a "Deli-see-ay"?
Sound it out.
-"Whatever..."
-Dad.
Tsk. [sighs]
I'm not sick, you know.
-I know. Hmm.
-Mm-hmm.
["Time Tough" continues playing]
-[Molly] "Whatever happened..."
-[man] Mm-hmm.
"To..." Uh...
Mm-hmm.
[continues indistinctly]
[woman on phone]
Ma'am, I can't find his file.
What kind of visa was it?
Yeah. Josiah Falls came here
from the Bahamas
25 years ago on an EB-1-1 visa
that designated him an alien
of extraordinary ability.
But for some reason,
Medicare doesn't think so,
and is going to let him spend
the last year of his life
in fucking agony. [sighs]
Hello?
[automated voice] Your call
is very important to us.
Please hold.
-[sighs]
[Justin] So I'm good
with double shifts
all next week, right?
-No.
-No? We talked
about it already.
Double shifts.
Now I gotta start again.
Look, my kid's school
can't do lunch anymore.
-My dad's physical therapy...
-All right. All right.
Look, do you want
some more shifts?
-Thanks.
-Tell you what.
Come here.
[whispers indistinctly]
[man grunts, coughs]
You're done, bitch!
[engine roaring]
Fucker.
Ahhh! Motherfucker!
[pants]
[cell phone vibrating]
Hello.
Yes, this is she.
Uh, what?
[police siren wailing outside]
[Katie] Are you Miss Falls?
Um, yeah, I'm Justin Falls.
I think...
It was me who called you.
He's over there.
-Uh, who's over where?
-Your friend.
[Katie] He's a little, uh...
Yeah, I have never
seen that man before.
[Katie] We couldn't ID him.
He doesn't have
any fingerprints.
Not burned off or anything.
He just doesn't have 'em.
Adermatoglyphia.
[whispers] Adermatoglyphia.
-I googled.
-Googled.
[slowed]
What was he arrested for?
Ingesting a hose
in the municipality.
What?
-He gave your name.
-My name?
-I don't even, like...
-Yeah, so I can...
-Can I release him to you?
-No!
Hey, simmer down.
Look, I think this is
some kind of mistake.
"July 12,
"United States Department
of Energy interim report.
"This panel believes that
Miss Falls' present evidence
"for the achievement of fusion
is not persuasive."
Okay, bye.
"In conclusion, however,
"that is not to say
it is a failure.
"Text to audio.
This is a demo."
[scoffs]
Not a failure.
Your mission.
My mission.
Uh... Who are you?
"It is my belief that
our ability to achieve fusion
"is only hampered
by humanity's understanding
"of quantum computing."
That's... That's my, um...
You're...
You're quoting m-my...
2013. Graduate thesis.
Laboratory Network.
Massachusetts Institute
of Technology.
You're a science stalker.
For fuck's sake.
[in British accent]
"Find Justin Falls.
"She was closer
than anyone has ever come
"to achieving fusion.
"She was simply
missing something
"she didn't know existed."
We're British now.
Are we the Beatles?
How'd you possibly know that?
Who... Who said that?
"Find her.
"She is integral
to the mission,
"to the next step.
-"You cannot take it alone."
-What mission?
28.096169 degrees north,
minus 95.047623 degrees west.
7.8 hours.
Cannot take it alone.
[softly] Please.
If you come anywhere near me
or my family,
I'll shoot you.
[sighs]
Okay.
I don't know
what's goin' on here,
but I'm gonna release you
with a summons.
But if I hear
you're bothering her,
you're gonna hear from me,
you understand?
Now look, I'm gonna let you
keep the dead guy's clothes,
and you're free to go, okay?
There's a shelter down
the street that'll give you...
Good luck, buddy.
[dog barking]
upbeat music playing
-[grunts]
-[ring clinking]
[gurgling]
[retches]
[radio chatter]
[rings clinking]
Five hundred
ninety-eight grams,
-18 carat gold.
-[mic feedback]
Well, never had much luck
at the altar myself.
Hang on.
I gotta test these.
upbeat music playing
Hey! You're buying that.
[device whirring]
[rhythmic beeping]
[mic feedback]
A23. That's my favorite.
[whirring]
["Oh Girl" playing on jukebox]
Oh, girl
I'd be in trouble
If you left me now
[inhales deeply, grunts]
'Cause I don't know where
To look for love...
Freon.
Yum-yum.
Okay, pal.
These fall off a truck or what?
A good rule around here
is to mind your own business.
I'll give you ten grand
for all of it.
25,000, current market rate.
-12.5.
-Twenty-five thousand six...
You're not gonna get
that kind...
[loudly] Fuck! Money! Now!
[static crackling]
[device beeping]
[bird screeching]
[truck horn tooting]
[truck horn blares]
[device beeping rhythmically]
[man] I said stop, stop!
[tires screeching]
[man] What the fuck, homie?
-[device continues beeping]
-[thunder rumbling]
[man] Holy shit.
[lightning crackling]
-[thunder continues rumbling]
-[car doors close]
[high-pitched pinging]
[device continues beeping]
eerie ethereal music playing
[rain pattering]
[bursting]
[device continues beeping]
[grunting]
[thug 1]
Asshole. Roll him over.
-[thug 2] I got it.
-[groaning]
["I Believe In Miracles"
playing on radio]
Shit.
What the fuck?
I believe in you
I believe in miracles, baby
Fuck!
[grunts]
Don't do it, Justin.
Do not do it.
-[Faraday groaning]
-[thug 2] Grab that.
-No. No.
-[grunts]
-Fuck!
-[tires screeching]
Shit.
[Faraday grunting]
-[car door slams]
-Hey!
-[fires gun]
-[bullet clinks]
Get away from him!
Get up.
Get the fuck out of here.
-[wind gusts]
-[thugs grunt]
[all grunting]
[thug 1] Fuck! Motherfucker.
[Justin screaming]
[gun fires]
[thug 2] Come on. Let's go.
[thug 1] Go!
Please! I have a daughter!
Please. Please. [gasping]
[car doors open and close]
[engine starts]
[tires squeal]
[thug 1] Fuck you, bitch.
[Justin panting] Okay.
[grunts, muttering]
[Faraday groaning]
Your finger's broken.
-[grunts]
-[bones snap]
Oh, fuck.
They wanted money.
You
want money?
[sighs] You know what I want?
I want one person
on this planet
to say "thank you."
Thank you.
You're welcome.
What is that?
Broken.
Six hours,
58 minutes, 14 seconds.
Intercept.
-Intercept what?
-Message.
What message?
Take me.
No. I didn't stop
to help you get to--
[loudly] Fuck! Take me!
Don't yell at me,
motherfucker!
Who told you yelling at people
was a good idea?
Lady.
Well, not this lady.
"If you tell people
what you want
"in a really loud voice and
say 'fuck' a lot, it works!"
If you're a sociopath.
Sociopath?
Are you?
Money.
No, I'm not taking your money.
-Money.
-I can't take money
from someone who might be
under some kind of delusion.
28.096169 degrees north,
minus 95.047623 degrees west.
-Must complete mission.
-Stop.
Message.
Please.
pensive music playing
What is it?
-28.096919 degrees north...
-[typing]
...minus
95.047623 degrees west.
Shiprock.
It's 200 miles away.
It's too far.
I can't leave my family
for that long.
Six hours, 57 minutes,
three seconds.
Message. Money.
Please.
Is there a nice doctor
I can call
who can tell me
you're not a serial killer?
No.
Why didn't you just shoot me
and take my truck?
You are...
necessary.
[Faraday gasps softly]
Where is the fluid sac?
Excuse me?
I travel in a fluid sac.
Yeah.
[woman speaking indistinctly
on radio]
What's your name?
[Faraday] K. Faraday.
[Justin] Faraday?
[radio tuning]
Okay, don't...
Don't play with my radio.
[radio tuning]
Stop. What'd I just say?
Stop! Stop.
You stopped work.
-Why did you stop?
-No.
I'm not engaging
with you, okay?
Why did you stop?
Did the plasma disruptions
become too substantial?
[song playing on radio]
Okay. All right. New rule.
You can play with the radio,
so long as you don't talk.
Did you miscalculate
the stored energy
in the plasma engine?
I didn't miscalculate.
I got it wrong.
Nothing on Earth can sustain
that much energy.
Nothing on Earth.
Yeah. [scoffs]
I'm not... I'm not gonna
engage with you on this.
[scoffs]
Hey.
Hey!
[whispering] Fuck me. [sighs]
[phone keys clacking]
[line ringing]
-[Josiah on phone] Juzzie.
-Hey, Dad!
You all right? Huh?
-No, no, I'm fine. I'm fine.
Yeah, I got something going.
I can pay Marcus in cash.
[Josiah] Marcus was late.
When are you coming home?
You coming home?
Look, Dad...
Dad, it's gonna be okay.
I got something going.
It's gonna buy us some time.
[Josiah] My hands are aching.
I need my pills.
[energy hums]
[electrical crackling]
[motorcycle engine revving]
Why did you stop?
We have five hours...
For gas.
For gas?
["Calaveras County"
playing on radio]
[Faraday grunting]
There's a quiet in the air
There's a breeze
Off of the mountains
And there's room for a man
To be his own
Ain't no strangers
Here in Calaveras County...
Oh.
[grunts]
Is your friend
committing suicide?
I have no idea.
If he's still alive,
will you tell him
I'm getting a Snickers?
Buddy.
-[muffled] Buddy. Buddy.
-[water gurgling]
[muffled] What?
["Calaveras County"
continues playing]
You can't.
I'm buying that.
[dog barking]
-[cattle bells clanging]
-[goats bleating]
[car horn blaring]
[horse whinnying]
[horse huffing]
pensive music
[horse whinnies]
[fly buzzes]
[horse snorting]
Hey, you wanna move away.
She's skittish,
and I'm working.
[Justin] Yeah, two bottles.
-Thanks.
-Welcome.
Uh, okay, Longhorn Diner?
Yeah, I can be there
in about an hour.
Shit.
[slowed, heavy breathing
of horse]
pensive music continues
[Faraday] Where I am from,
she was a predator.
Predator?
They're paintball practice
if they ain't fast enough.
Paintball.
Yeah, man.
We let 'em run around,
then we shoot at 'em.
No.
No paintball.
That is not what she is for.
What's she for?
Soon she will remember.
Remember what?
She can kick that boy
to death.
[Justin] We're, uh...
We're gonna make
a quick stop, okay?
-We have three hours.
-Yeah, we'll make it.
-It's okay. It's okay.
-[garbled chatter on radio]
Is that your message?
Not close enough.
You know, you fell asleep
in the middle
of a sentence before.
I was not asleep.
I was resting my eyes.
Yeah, men always say that.
[chuckles]
[mimicking Josiah]
Juzzie, Marcus was late.
When are you coming home?
Juzzie, my hands are aching.
I need my pills. Juzzie.
[tires screech]
[car horn blaring]
Did you just mock him?
-Did you just mock my father?
-[car horn blaring]
[man yells indistinctly]
How'd you do that?
You were asleep.
How'd you hear him?
-[car horn blaring]
-I was not sleeping.
[woman] Eat shit, asshole!
-[person yells indistinctly]
-[honks horn]
I don't care about the money.
Apologize right now
or I will lock these doors
and we will sit here
in this truck
until we both wither and die.
-Three hours...
-Oh, for fuck...
...28 minutes,
12 seconds,
11 seconds, ten seconds,
-nine seconds...
-[Justin sighs]
...eight seconds,
seven seconds...
[whispering] Oh, my God.
-...six seconds...
-[sighs]
[whispering]
...five seconds, four seconds,
three seconds, two...
-My dad's sick.
-...seconds,
one second.
He's fucking dying
and we lost our coverage!
I get him his pills
from a dealer
because that's the only way
we can afford them.
That's why we're stopping.
My window of interception
is shrinking.
Look, this is
my mission, okay?
Keeping him comfortable,
or whatever the hell
that means,
for as long as I can.
So, you can,
[smacks lips] I don't know,
you know, find another ride.
Or you can choose
to come with me.
-Those are your options.
-[engine starts]
["Make Me Feel Alright" playing]
Stay.
[entry bell jingles]
[patrons chattering]
Hey, what are you doing?
I said, stay with the truck.
[Justin sighs]
[bell dings]
Don't get all up on me
like that.
You're like a baby duck. Sit.
[waitress] Hi! Coffee?
Yes, please.
Water, now.
I'm sorry. [chuckles]
Thank you.
[clock ticking]
[ambient noise's volume
increases]
[bell dinging]
[man] Order up!
Their pheromones
are giving me a headache.
[chuckles]
[groans]
Sorry about that. Sorry.
[sighs] Okay, listen to me.
Yeah, for right now,
I need you to be less, okay?
Can you try to smile, maybe?
Oh, God. It's like something
from a horror movie.
Don't do that.
Don't do it. Stop.
-Listen...
-He's on the spectrum.
I'm really sorry.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
What is the spectrum?
It means that, you know,
you have different social
and communication skills
to other people.
It means you can't connect.
Mm-mm.
Thank you.
You believe you are connected,
but you are not.
You exist only
within yourselves.
And what makes you
so different?
I am different because
you are wasting my time.
I am not wasting your time.
When will Josiah Falls die?
Can I have
two chocolate donuts,
-please?
-Sure.
My dad used to do math
to calm himself.
Is that what you're doing?
Thanks.
This is... This is base 60.
It's a third millennium
number system.
What are you? I mean...
Are you an ancient Sumerian?
I mean...
Why do you understand
the value of base 60?
My adept.
You mean your teacher?
Does your adept have a name?
Here, he is called
Thomas Jerome Newton.
-Thomas Jerome...
-Yeah, I got it, babes.
-I got it.
-...Newton.
[Justin] "Thomas Newton was the
founder of World Enterprises."
That's it?
I mean, I... I heard about it.
It was a tech company,
like, 40 years ago.
He is the one
who sent me to you.
[scoffs]
What, this man?
You know this man?
Okay, and why
would he do that?
Your work.
You are vital to the mission.
Where I am from,
there are two chambers.
Adepts and drones.
-One designs, one executes.
-And...
Where are you from exactly?
-You used to produce more.
-[entry bell jingles]
Your work now,
what purpose does it serve?
It serves my purpose.
You are not utilizing
your purpose.
Stay. I mean it.
You chose the correct task
but you did not have
the tools.
Go outside.
-Go away, now.
-The fuck you say to me?
I require her focus
and my window of interception
is shrinking.
You are vital to the mission.
-Please stop talking.
-You are vital.
[engine revs]
[whispering] Shit. Shit!
[breath trembling]
Shit. Fuck.
[siren wailing]
Oh, shit.
[gasps]
[sighing in relief]
You know what?
I don't want this anymore.
We have to get to 28.09...
There is no "we."
My mission is your mission.
What happened to you?
I mean, you're brilliant.
How'd you get here?
With a stranger
in a strange place. How?
The adept miscalculated.
Miscalculated what?
Be specific.
Energy.
Energy for what?
The energy we needed
to save ourselves.
Did anyone, uh...
Did anyone die?
Yes.
Do... Do you have anyone?
I mean,
besides the Newton guy?
A family, who takes care
of you? Children?
Yes.
How many children?
Two.
They are waiting for me
to return.
If they survived.
Survived what?
When the clouds disappear,
you all disappear.
You have
very little time left.
-[Faraday] There! Stop there.
-What? Here?
[Faraday] We have arrived.
[Justin]
This doesn't feel right.
It is right.
You are afraid, I can...
-Smell it, I know.
-...smell it.
I am afraid.
But not for me.
Look, there are bad people
out here.
You know, like,
the guys who jumped you?
Will you let me take you
to a hotel or a bus station?
It gets cold here at night.
[Faraday] I will not be here
for the cold.
Please.
Will you let me take you
someplace safe?
I am where
I am supposed to be.
You...
are where you are
supposed to be.
For what?
To ensure the survival
of my species.
Which species?
I am from Anthea.
A terrestrial planet
on the border
of the solar system.
I am here to receive
the next step
of my instructions.
You are meant
to come with me.
[chuckles]
[chuckles] Look,
I brought you here,
and that's as much
as I'm gonna do.
I'm not... I'm not going
anywhere with you, okay?
All right? That's it.
We're done here.
[Faraday] No more waiting!
Listen, don't follow me, okay?
You're fucking crazy.
What are you... Stop!
-Come with me!
-Stop!
[metal creaking, crunching]
Come with me!
Stop!
[engine starts]
[wind whistling]
Fuck.
[thunder rumbles]
Oh, shit.
[wind whistling]
[rumbling]
-[crashing]
-[wind gusting]
Shit!
Fuck!
[tires screech]
[wind gusting violently]
Fuck. Fuck.
[honking horn]
[car horn blares]
Faraday!
Far--
Shit.
-[car rattling]
-[yells]
Fuck.
Fuck. Stop!
[screaming]
[whirring]
[whirring intensifying]
[whirring stops]
[man] Open your eyes.
[insects chirping]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[gasps]
[distant voice]
Open your eyes.
[insects chitter]
[echoing whisper] It's me.
Me.
It's me.
It's about fucking time.
[continues echoing]
I know exactly
what you're thinking.
"This is not the Anthean
I remember."
Well, soon enough,
you won't be the Anthean
you remember, either.
But I'm gonna make you
the god they can't ignore.
[laughing]
[continues laughing]
[Faraday] How did we get here?
To this place.
In this box,
I hold the next step
on the great timeline.
I am a tyrant. I am the king!
Tech god. Willy Wonka.
Up to my Gobstoppers
in secrets.
And it's all true.
Well,
the secrets part, anyway.
So, don't say
I didn't warn you.